.\" Process this file with
 autopyfactory-proxy.conf.5
.\"
.TH AUTOPYFACTORY PROXY.CONF 5 "JUNE 2013" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
AutoPyFactory proxy.conf \- proxy.conf configuration file for autopyfactory
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B proxy.conf

/etc/apf/proxy.conf  Configuration file for the proxies management for AutoPyFactory.

.B baseproxy


if used, create a very long-lived proxy, e.g.

    grid-proxy-init -valid 720:0 -out /tmp/plainProxy

Note that maintenance of this proxy must occur completely outside of APF. 



.B proxyfile


path to the user grid proxy file.



.B checktime


How often to check proxy validity, in seconds



.B interruptcheck


Frequency to check for keyboard/signal interrupts, in seconds



.B lifetime


initial voms lifetime, in seconds (604800 = 7 days).  345600 is ATLAS VOMS maximum



.B minlife


Minimum lifetime of proxy (renew if less) in seconds



.B renew


If you do not want to use ProxyManager to renew proxies, set this  False and only define 'proxyfile'.  If renew is set to false, then no grid client setup is necessary. 



.B usercert


path to the user grid certificate file



.B userkey


path to the user grid key file



.B vorole


user VO role


.B flavor


voms or myproxy. voms directly generates proxy using cert or baseproxy myproxy retrieves a proxy from myproxy, then generates the target proxy against voms using it as baseproxy.


.B myproxy_hostname


Myproxy server host.


.B myproxy_username


User name to be used on MyProxy service


.B myproxy_passphrase


Passphrase for proxy retrieval from MyProxy


.B retriever_profile


A list of other proxymanager profiles to be used to authorize proxy retrieval from MyProxy.


.B initdelay


In seconds, how long to wait before generating. Needed for MyProxy when using cert authentication--we need to allow time for the auth credential to be generated (by another proxymanager profile).


.B owner


If running standalone (as root) and you want the proxy to be owned by another account.


.B remote_host


If defined, copy proxyfile to same path on remote host


.B remote_user


User to connect as?


.B remote_owner


If connect user is root, what account should own the file?


.B remote_group


If connect user is root, what group should own the file?



