.\" Process this file with
 autopyfactory-factory.conf.5
.\"
.TH AUTOPYFACTORY FACTORY.CONF 5 "JUNE 2013" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
AutoPyFactory factory.conf \- factory.conf configuration file for autopyfactory
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B factory.conf

/etc/apf/factory.conf  Configuration file for the factories of AutoPyFactory.

.B baseLogDir


where outputs from pilots are stored

.I NOTE: No trailing '/'!!!



.B baseLogDirUrl


where outputs from pilots are available via http

.I NOTE: No trailing '/'!!!



.B baseLogHttpPort


What port to run the HTTP server to export logs. Make sure this matchesthe value in the baseLogDirUrl.



.B batchstatus.condor.sleep


time the Condor BatchStatus Plugin waits between cycles Value is in seconds.



.B batchstatus.maxtime


maximum time while the info is considered reasonable. If info stored is older than that, is considered not valid, and some NULL output will be returned.



.B cycles


maximum number of times the queues will loop. None means forever.



.B cleanlogs.keepdays


maximum number of days the condor logs will be kept, in case they are placed in a subdirectory for an APFQueue that is not being currently managed by AutoPyFactory.  For example, an apfqueue that has been created and used for a short amount of time, and it does not exist anymore. Still the created logs have to be cleaned at some point...



.B factoryId


Name that the factory instance will have in the APF web monitor.  Make factoryId something descriptive and unique for your factory, for example <site>-<host>-<admin> (e.g. BNL-gridui11-jhover)


.B factoryAdminEmail


Email of the local admin to contact in case of a problem with an specific APF instance.



.B factory.sleep


sleep time between cycles in mainLoop in Factory object Value is in seconds.



.B factoryUser


account under which APF will run

.B maxperfactory.maximum


maximum number of condor jobs to be running at the same time per Factory.  It is a global number, used by all APFQueues submitting pilots with condor.  The value will be used by MaxPerFactorySchedPlugin plugin


.B monitorURL


URL for the web monitor


.B logserver.enabled


determines if batch logs are exported via HTTP.  Valid values are True|False


.B logserver.index


determines if automatic directory indexing is allowed when log directories are browsed.  Valid values are True|False


.B logserver.allowrobots

if false, creates a robots.txt file in the docroot.  Valid valudes are True|False


.B proxyConf

local path to the configuration file for automatic proxy management.  
.I NOTE: must be a local path, not a URI.


.B proxymanager.enabled

to determine if automatic proxy management is used or not.  Accepted values are True|False


.B queueConf

URI plus path to the configuration file for APF queues.

.I NOTE: Must be expressed as a URI (file:// or http://)
.I NOTE: Cannot be used at the same time that queueDirConf


.B queueDirConf

directory with a set of configuration files, all of them to be used at the same time. 
i.e. /etc/apf/queues.d/

.I NOTE: Cannot be used at the same time that queueConf



.B monitorConf


local path to the configuration file for Monitor plugins.


.B versionTag


APF version number as it will be displayed in the web monitor


.B wmsstatus.maximum


maximum time while the info is considered reasonable.  If info stored is older than that, is considered not valid, and some NULL output will be returned.



.B wmsstatus.panda.sleep


time the WMSStatus Plugin waits between cycles Value is in seconds.

