.\" Process this file with
 autopyfactory
.\"
.TH AUTOPYFACTORY 1 "JUNE 2013" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
AutoPyFactory \- grid pilot factory 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /etc/init.d/factory
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B autopyfactory  

ATLAS, one of the experiments at LHC at CERN, is one of the largest  users of grid computing infrastructure.
As this infrastructure is now a central part of the experiment's computing operations,
considerable efforts have been made to use this technology in the most efficient and effective way, including extensive use of pilot job based frameworks

In this model the experiment submits 'pilot' jobs to sites without  payload. When these jobs begin to run they contact a central service  to pick-up a real payload to execute.

The first generation of pilot factories were usually specific to a single VO, and were very bound to the particular architecture of that VO.
A second generation is creating factories which are more flexible, not tied to any particular VO,
and provide for more features other than just pilot submission (such as monitoring, logging, profiling, etc.)

AutoPyFactory has a modular design and is highly configurable. It is able to send different types of pilots to sites, able to exploit
different submission mechanisms and different charateristics of queues at sites.
It has excellent integration with the PanDA job submission framework,
tying pilot flows closely to the amount of work the site has to run.
It is able to gather information from many sources, in order to correctly conigure itself for a site and its decision logic can easily be updated.

Integrated into AutoPyFactory is a very flexible system for delivering both
generic and specific wrappers which can perform many useful actions before starting to run end-user scientific applications,
e.g., validation of the middleware, node profiling and diagnostics, monitoring and deciding what is the best end-user application that fits the resource.

AutoPyFactory now also has a robust monitoring system and we show how this has helped setup a reliable pilot factory service for ATLAS.



.SH FILES
.I /etc/apf/queues.conf
.RS
The queues configuration file. See
.BR queues (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/apf/factory.conf
.RS
The main system configuration file. See
.BR factory (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/apf/proxy.conf
.RS
The proxy configuration file. See
.BR proxy (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /etc/apf/monitor.conf
.RS
The monitor configuration file. See
.BR monitor (5)
for further details.
.RE


.SH AUTHOR
Jose Caballero <jcaballero at bnl dot gov> and John Hover <jhover at bnl dot gov>

.\".SH "SEE ALSO"
.\".BR bar (1),
.\".BR foo (5),
.\".BR xyzzy (1)

.\" groff -man -Tasc
